beef_stew.md, before:

# Beef Stew

This is a savory and hearty warm meal for those who enjoy food. It can be adapted and remixed and is a good beginner dish for those who do not know anything about cooking (like me)

### Ingredients

| Quantity   | Thing                    |
| ---------- |-------------------------:|
| 2 lbs.     | right-aligned            |
| 1/4 cup    | All-purpose Flour        |
| 1/2 tsp.   | Ground Black Pepper      |
| 1/2 tsp.   | Iodized Salt             |
| 1 clove    | Garlic                   |
| 1 tsp.     | Paprika                  |
| 1 tsp.     | Worcestershire Sauce     |
| 1          | Bay Leaf                 |
| 1          | Whole Onion              |
| 3          | Potatoes, diced          |
| 4          | Carrots, sliced          |
| 1          | Stalk celery, chopped    |

### Directions

* Place meat in slow cooker.
* In small bowl, mix the flour, salt, and pepper.
* Stir this into meat to coat with flour mixture.
* Stir in the rest of the stuff
* Cover, and cook on Low for 10 to 12 hours, or on High for 4 to 6 hours.

Commit message:

update with first batch modifications and results

beef_stew.md, after:

# Beef Stew

This is a savory and hearty warm meal for those who enjoy food. It can be adapted with low risk of catastrophic failure, and is a good beginner dish for people who do not know anything about cooking (like me). I got the original recipe it from my best friend who made it while we were living together on a tight budget.

### Ingredients

| Quantity   | Thing                    |
| ---------- |-------------------------:|
| 2 lbs.     | right-aligned            |
| 1/4 cup    | All-purpose Flour        |
| 1/2 tsp.   | Ground Black Pepper      |
| 1/2 tsp.   | Iodized Salt             |
| 1 bulb     | Garlic                   |
| 1 tsp.     | Paprika                  |
| 1 tsp.     | Worcestershire Sauce     |
| 1          | Bay Leaf                 |
| 1          | Whole Onion              |
| 2          | Potatoes, diced          |
| 4          | Carrots, sliced          |
| 2          | Stalks celery, chopped   |

### Directions

* Place meat in slow cooker.
* In small bowl, mix the flour, salt, and pepper.
* Stir this into meat to coat with flour mixture.
* Stir in the rest of the stuff
* Cover, and cook on Low for 10 to 12 hours, or on High for 4 to 6 hours.

### Comments

#### First Batch
I cooked it slightly differently from the original recipe:
* I increased the Garlic tenfold to a whole bulb (to ward off vampires)
* I decreased the amount of potatoes to 2 because my crock pot was not big enough to handle the sheer volume
* I chose gluten-free all-purpose flour. I think this was a good choice, as gluten is useless here

The results were good, and the stew was flavorful. The potatoes, however, were too soft after cooking for 12 hours, and made the broth pretty thick and starchy.
